Wake up wake up
My Ling's secret has never been a supreme bone
But here, the Ling family is used to remind the martyrs
The sword of Zhenguo merges into the sword like my soul after death
You are with the ancestors of the Lin family through the generations
Share the Elephants
Mountains and Rivers Haoran
If you are only immersed in how to improve yourself
The supreme suffering
that
You will never be able to pick up this so-called sword
Only set in the power of the supreme treasure
Can never afford this sword of justice
The reason why the Biling family could be bred
More powerful supreme bone
That's because you are the back
The Law of Abandoning the Law for Thousand Years
Invincible to the world
Why borrow the supreme again
Ah!
Are you all right?
Heaven and earth are not benevolent
All things have made green legs for the little dog
villains rule
I was laid off today
People of all ages eradicate rape
Break out a new world and come back
The Demon-Fighting Platform of Ya Demon God has collapsed
Our Sword
Our ship
Also born at this moment